ci: Stop publishing to docker hub (#5845)
getsentry/relay: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

**Breaking Changes**:

> - Stop publishing to Docker Hub. ([#5845](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/5845))

Reviewer: We should call out here what this means for the user, and what they can do instead. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
- Docker images are no longer published to Docker Hub, use the Github Container Registry instead ([see documentation](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pkgs/container/relay)). ([#5845](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/5845))
```

- Move unreal crash report expansion from processing into endpoint. ([#5825](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/5825))
- Retry failing objectstore requests. ([#5836](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/5836))

> - Stop publishing to Docker Hub. ([#5845](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/5845))

Reviewer: Better to call this out as a breaking change in the changelog
